yes,gs01,World
no,is61,Beginner World (1.5.3)
no,is62,Origination (1.5.1)
no,is01,City of Abominations
no,is02,Secret Passage
no,is03,na
no,is04,na
no,is05,Firecrag Grotto
no,is06,Den of Rabid Wolves
no,is07,Cave of the Vicious
no,is08,Hall of Deception
no,is09,Gate of Delirium
no,is10,Secret Frostcover
no,is11,Valley of Disaster
no,is12,Forest Ruins
no,is13,Cave of Sadistic Glee
no,is14,Wraithgate
no,is15,Hallucinatory Trench
no,is16,Eden
no,is17,Brimstone Pit
no,is18,Temple of the Dragon
no,is19,Nightscream Island
no,is20,Snake Isle
no,is21,Lothranis
no,is22,Momaganon
no,is23,Seat of Torment
no,is24,Abaddon
no,is25,Warsong City
no,is26,Palace of Nirvana
no,is27,Lunar Glade
no,is28,Valley of Reciprocity
no,is29,Frostcover City
yes,is31,Twilight Temple
no,is32,Cube of Fate
no,is33,Chrono City
no,is34,Perfect Chapel
no,is35,Guild Base
no,is37,Morai
no,is38,Phoenix Valley
no,is39,Endless Universe
no,is40,Blighted Chamer
no,is41,Endless Universe
no,is42,Nation War Wargod Gulch
no,is43,Five Emperors
no,is44,Nation War (Flag)
no,is45,Nation War (Crystal)
no,is46,Nation War (Bridge)
no,is47,Sunset Valley
no,is48,Shutter Palace
no,is49,Dragon Hidden Den
no,is50,Realm of Reflection
no,is63,Primal World
no,is66,Flowsilver Palace
no,is67,Undercurrent Hall
no,is68,Primal World (Story Mode)
no,is69,LightSail Cave
no,is70,Cube of Fate (2)
no,is71,Dragon Counqest Battlefield
no,is72,Heavenfall Temple (base)
no,is73,Heavenfall Temple (is73)
no,is74,Heavenfall Temple (is74)
no,is75,Heavenfall Temple (is75)
no,is76,Uncharted Paradise
no,is77,Thursday Tournament
no,is80,Homestead
no,is81,Homestead
no,is82,Homestead
no,is83,Homestead
no,bg01,Territory War T-3 PvP
no,bg02,Territory War T-3 PvE
no,bg03,Territory War T-2 PvP
no,bg04,Territory War T-2 PvE
no,bg05,Territory War T-1 PvP
no,bg06,Territory War T-1 PvE
no,arena01,Etherblade Arena
no,arena02,Lost Arena
no,arena03,Plume Arena
no,arena04,Archosaur Arena
no,rand03,Quicksand Maze (rand03)
no,rand04,Quicksand Maze (rand04)
